Add an Internal Type rule (#8)
Blackjacx/Development: ios-coding-guidelines.md

#### Use [Camel Case](https://medium.com/better-programming/string-case-styles-camel-pascal-snake-and-kebab-case-981407998841) for acronyms like URL or HTML
For names like `isHtmlValid` or `isUrlComplete` this improves readability of function and variable names (though it is different than Apple does it).

#### Internal types

> Place the internal types at the bottom of the class/struct definition with a `MARK: - Sub-Types` above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Place the nested types at the bottom of the class/struct definition with a `MARK: - Sub-Types` above.
```

Same with protocol extensions. Put it in the class/struct definition, above the sub-types, and mark it with the protocol name e.g. `MARK: - StatePresentable`.

> The advantage of the above is that the main class definition shows all conformances of the class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The advantages of the above is that the main class definition shows all conformances of the class and we have a unified file structure.
```
